If you flirt with him, the challange is not there.	
If you flirt with him , the challange is not there .	Tie
If you flirt with him , the challange is not there .	Tie
	
If shae like him then there is a reson .	
If like him then there is a reason .	Lose
If shae like him , there is a reason .	Win
	
practice unwrapping starburst with ur tongue, and tieing cherry stems w/ your tongue.	
Practice unwrapping starburst with your tongue and tieing Cherry stems w / your tongue .	Win
Practice with your tongue , and snogging cherry stems your tongue .	Lose
	
THAT DEPENDS...ARE YOU A HOTTIE W/A BODY?	
That depends , are you a hottie with a body ?	Win
That depends , are you a hottie with a man ?	Lose
	
Do U love her in depth?	
Do you love her in depth ?	Tie
Do you love her in depth ?	Tie
	
do whats best for you and he	
Do what is best for you and he is .	Tie
Do what is best for you and he .	Tie
	
I think you are probaly a nice guy and she probaly loves you alot.	
I think you are probably a nice man and she probably loves you a lot .	Win
I think you are probably a nice guy and she probably loves you .	Loss
	
Thanks for the pep in advance!	
Thank you for the pep in advance .	Win
Thanks for the in advance .	Loss
	
Just remeber,     s go for guys who are themselves and ONLY themselves!	
Just remember , go for men who are themselves and only themselves .	Lose
Remember , s go for men who are themselves and only themselves .	Win
	
i'll probably go and see one.	
I will probably go and see one .	Tie
I will probably go and see one .	Tie
	
looks don't really matter unless you are trying to prove something.	
Looks do n't really matter unless you are trying to prove something .	Lose
Looks do not matter unless you are trying to prove something .	Win
	
i think he would make a great valentine.	
I think he would make a great Valentine .	Tie
I think he would make a great valentine .	Tie
	
maybe because your the most beautiful girl they have seen.	
Perhaps you are the most beautiful girl they have seen .	Win
Maybe because your the most beautiful girl they have seen .	Lose
	
And the gf should accept that about if she loves you.	
The girlfriend should accept that about if she loves you .	Lose
And the girlfriend should accept that about if she loves you .	Win
	
believe in is a strange way to put it.	
Believe in is a strange way to put it .	Tie
Believe in is a strange way to put it .	Tie
	
Go for it and take the chance!!!	
Go for it and take the chance !	Win
Go for it and take the chance .	Lose
	
may be its interesting for them	
It is normal for them .	Lose
May be it is interesting for them .	Win
	
(It would be easier to do if I were mad, though!!	
It would be easier to do if I were mad .	Loss
It would be easier to do if I were mad , though !	Win
	
Well,if the one boy picks on you, why like him?	
If the one boy teases you , why like him ?	Win
Well , if the one boy picks on you , why like him ?	Loss
	
But I need to be happy.	
I need to be happy .	Tie
I need to be happy .	Tie
	
i've been with this girl for 8 months and we haven't kissed is this bad?	
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have n't kissed is this bad ?	Tie
I have been with this girl for 8 months and we have not kissed is this bad ?	Tie
	
there are many times that you love the guy but not sure did he love you also.	
There are many times that you love the man , but not sure , did he love you .	Tie
There are many times that you love the man but not sure did he love you also .	Tie
	
altho, i dont really like girls all that much.	
Altho , I do not like women all that much .	Win
, I do not really like girls all that much .	Loss
	
Sounds like u r going through a lot right now.	
Sounds like you are going through a lot right now .	Tie
Sounds like you are going through a lot right now .	Tie
	
I don't know....how would you like something crammed up your butt!!	
How would you like something up your butt ?	Loss
I do not know.how would you like something crammed up your butt .	Win
	
ill like to visit usa what are the needfull things	
I will like to visit the United States of the things .	Loss
I will like to visit USA what are the needfull things .	Win
	
I would be, but I'm just married !	
I would be , but I am just married .	Win
I would be , but I am married .	Loss
	
btw - ur avatar looks familiar.	
By the way , your avatar looks familiar .	Win
Incidentally , your avatar is familiar .	Loss
	
If going to a movie is special for the 2 of you, then do that.	
If going to a movie is special for the two of you , then do that .	Tie
If going to a movie is special for the two of you , then do that .	Tie
	
hell yeah for the first answer.that girl answered for me.	
Hell yes for the first girl answered for me .	Loss
Yes for the first answer.that girl answered for me .	Win
	
Nope, he's too darned big and I'm too darned weak!	
Nope , he is too darned big and I am too darned weak !	Loss
No , he is too darned big and I am too darned weak .	Win
	
i see a malaysia air ad on tv and i go gaga.	
I see a malaysia air and on television and I go .	Win
I see a air ad on television and I go for .	Loss
	
It hurt like hell and I bled.	
It hurt like hell and bled .	Tie
It hurt like hell and I bled .	Tie
	
Where am I going with this?	
Where am I going with this ?	Tie
Where am I going with this ?	Tie
	
YOU CAN'T, so lets just start asumming it.	
You can not , so lets just start it .	Loss
You cannot , so lets just start asumming it .	Win
	
girls are perverts they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly	
Girls are perverts they just hide it and act like it around other girls .	Loss
Women are perverts they hide it and act like it around other girls secretly .	Win
	
(that's what i called it).. but , why?	
That is what I called it , but why ?	Win
That is what I called it .	Loss
	
Yes, girl down there, don't have sex.	
Yes , woman down there , do not have sex .	Tie
Yes , girl down there , do not have sex .	Tie
	
then u can make an easier decision.	
Then you can make an easier decision .	Tie
Then you can make an easier decision .	Tie
	
After i while i t passes and i still love him	
After I to pass and I still love him .	Win
After I do not drive and I still love him .	Loss

